feat(lib): Bump link to v2.4.0 and breadcrumb to v1.2.0 (#3725)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/src/content/docs/getting-started/migration.mdx

  ```
</Callout>

## v1.5.0

### Components

#### Breadcrumb

- <span class="tag tag-small tag-info"><span class="tag-status-icon"></span>Info</span> Breadcrumb component has been updated to 1.2.0 with no outward changes. Read more in the [breadcrumb design changelog](https://r.orange.fr/r/S-ouds-doc-breadcrumb_changelog).

#### Links

- <span class="tag tag-small tag-info"><span class="tag-status-icon"></span>Info</span> Link component has been updated to 2.4.0. Read more in the [link design changelog](https://r.orange.fr/r/S-ouds-doc-link_changelog).

- <span class="tag tag-small tag-warning"><span class="tag-status-icon"></span>Warning</span> `.colored-bg` has been removed in favor of `.link-on-colored-bg`. Read more in our [reboot page]([[docsref:/foundation/reboot#links]]).

- <span class="tag tag-small tag-warning"><span class="tag-status-icon"></span>Warning</span> `.back` has been removed in favor of `.link-previous`. Read more in our [links page]([[docsref:/components/links#with-chevron]]).

> - <span class="tag tag-small tag-positive"><span class="tag-status-icon"></span>New</span> `.link-external` class has been added for external links. [Read more about these variants]([[docsref:/components/links#external]]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <span class="tag tag-small tag-positive"><span class="tag-status-icon"></span>New</span> `.link-external` class has been added for external links. [Read more about this variant]([[docsref:/components/links#external]]).
```

> - <span class="tag tag-small tag-positive"><span class="tag-status-icon"></span>New</span> `.link-compact` class has been added for more compact links. [Read more about these variants]([[docsref:/components/links#sizes]]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <span class="tag tag-small tag-positive"><span class="tag-status-icon"></span>New</span> `.link-compact` class has been added for more compact links. [Read more about this variant]([[docsref:/components/links#sizes]]).
```
